My sister is not good at piano, chess, calligraphy and painting
But what do you think of Zhou Heng and Momoqing?
normal
Not brilliant
Princess and son, his poetry, calligraphy and painting
That doesn't seem to be good at either one.
We'll see if he's talented or not.
Fortunately, I practiced calligraphy from Xiaojinchi
Look at this poem
Otherwise, it's really hanging.
Wait a minute.
I also thought of a poem
Since you're going to make a fool of yourself
Then I won't stop you.
Let our great father, the son of the Qian family, show it first
white
White dew for frost?
Okay, okay, okay.
Let me help you.
So-called yiren
On the water side, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
On the water side on the water side
Mr. Qian
You can't even recite the full text of the prison family that your father knows
I don't know how you passed the previous few days
Before the first game, the son actually went on stage to recite the famous teacher
Such an occasion
The background is so embarrassing
Hahaha
My big persimmon
Hurry up and show your poem
Yeah, yeah, haha, where's my dish?